hey guys so as many of you know I went
to New York City recently and I picked
up some stuff from New York City and
then I went to the mall recently with
one of my friends so I think you can
guess what that means obviously I'm
going to be doing a haul video this is a
little bit collective kind of not really
it's like over the past two weeks also
if you're wondering like about all this
random scratches on my face I was
scratched by a human in a field hockey
game if you guys enjoy a haul videos as
much as I do make sure to give this
video a thumbs up and let's hop right
into the video
so I'm gonna start with the stuff that I
got for New York City because
chronological order first I got a shirt
from Anthropologie and it is green and I
was really drawn to this shirt because
of the color I think this is kelly green
don't hold me to that I just think this
shirt is super cute and I love how
relaxed it is and I also think the
pocket right there the pocket is
adorable so I picked two this shirt up
from Anthropologie and moving on to
Sephora I got two things from Sephora
and I don't have the bag I know looks
like a shun haul videos but my friend
has the bag so I got the Beauty Blender
and I know I'm literally so behind on
this but better late than never right
and I figured since so many people we're
talking about it that I should just pick
it up and try it for myself and then the
next thing I got was the naked on the
Run palette which is upside down I have
the Naked 1 and the Naked 2 palette and
you know this one looks really cool and
different and good for traveling so I
picked that up and I'll show you guys
what it looks like so when you open it
up you get different eyeshadow colors
which I thought were super super pretty
because they're like Browns and neutrals
which is what I wear then you get a
blush a bronzer a highlight and then
this lip gloss which my friend has and
oh my god it is
so amazing and you get an eyeliner and
then a little mascara so I just thought
this was super adorable and this should
be amazing for traveling because it
pretty much has everything you need so
the next thing that I got from New York
City is kind of a joke and my friend
Caitlin got it from me but just masks in
its glory and it's just an extra egg so
sugar cookie and it's literally huge
like it's larger than my head
and I can't wait to eat it okay the last
place that I got stuff from in New York
City it was H&M and I got a couple
things from there so let's get into that
the first word that I got from H&M is
this black and white striped shirt and
it has a pocket are you seeing a trend
and then just really long and flowy and
yeah the next shirt that I got from H&M
was on sale so naturally I couldn't
resist but it is navy blue and then it
has these really pretty pastel flower
designs on it and I really love the
neckline on this I think it's super
pretty so I picked that up recently I
have been obsessed with peplum style
tops I think they're so pretty
so when I found this one I was literally
so happy it is just plain grey and then
it has these little sleeves which i
think is really cute and obviously it's
the peplum style so it's like flowy at
the bottom and has this really nice
zipper in the back so I'm so excited to
wear this I think it's so adorable the
final thing I got from H&M is this
long-sleeve shirt that's cream with
black trim I really like the style of
this shirt and I think it's really cute
that it has these little gold button
type things on the shoulder I think it's
super cute and I can't wait to wear it
so that was it for New York City and now
moving on to the stuff that I got from
the mall first up I went to American
Eagle I only got one thing but I think
that this dress is so pretty it is a
blue dress with white stripes and it's
pretty plain looking in the front I love
this style of dress it's kind of flowy
but also kind of tight
the top and it has these little tiny
t-shirt sleeves and then in the back it
has this X type cutout thing which I
think is so flattering on and honestly
guys I'm gonna be wearing this all the
time in the spring and then I went to
Victoria's Secret pink and Emily got one
thing but I'm obsessed with quarters
it's like ask anyone I'm obsessed
so naturally I just needed another
quarter zip because I love them this one
is so cute it has a heather grey bottom
and then like a black top I love the way
that it looks I think it's really cool
with a black running down the shoulder
and has the little dog of course so I
can't wait to wear this I think it's so
adorable
yes quarter zips our faith and then the
last place that I went to was Charlotte
Russe and I got another dress like guys
what even is this the dress that I got
from Charlotte Russe is really similar
to the one that I got from American
Eagle but I just love these dresses so
here's the one that I got from Charlotte
Russe it's this black and white pattern
which I see all the time and I don't
know what it's called so sorry about
that but it has the same type style with
a flowy type bottom and the short
t-shirt sleeves and then in the back it
has two little X's so looks like that I
don't know what it is about these
dresses I think they're really comfy and
they're so really cute at the same time
so yeah alright so that is everything
that I purchased over the past two weeks
I hope you guys enjoyed this video and
leave me a comment down below saying
which of these items that I got was your
favorite because I don't know just
curious and that is all I have to say so
see ya
camera and focus it there's like a
square around your face the next shirt
the first shirt that I got from in it
the next shirt that I got